Gameday
-
Unique_Identifier int PK FK >- Spreadspoke.Unique_Identifier
schedule_date text
schedule_season bigint
schedule_week text
schedule_playoff boolean
team_home text
score_home float
score_away float
team_away text
team_favorite_id text
spread_favorite float
over_under_line float
stadium text
stadium_netural boolean
weather_temperature float
weather_wind_mph float
weather_humidity float
weather_detail text
overall_score float

Spreadspoke
-
Unique_Identifier int PK
schedule_date date
schedule_season bigint
schedule_week int
schedule_playoff boolean
team_home text
score_home float
score_away float
team_away text
team_favorite_id text
spread_favorite float
over_under_line float
stadium text
stadium_neutral boolean
weather_temperature float
weather_wind_mph float
weather_humidity float
weather_detail text